Help you guys in the section.
Adam Petersen had a walk guys drew on the solid spot to add a new category and a new product to the
database.
We will learn specifically about finding products in a database true pagination and so on.
In this video we learn how to get all the products in a specific category.
Let's dive in before we dive in into writing coats.
They are to express requests a need to know first.
It's a request that parents that ID someone showing an example open up to you and I want to show you
something.
So for example if the L is a jump all API categories and this double dog ID to get the specific ID you
have to do requests to parents that I need.
So let's say the IP is equivalent to all this and then by doing request of parents ID it is equivalent
to Austin.
Another one is requests that querido requests that query requests a query is not a way to get the current
value from the U or l.
So for example if the URL is API categories and then there will be for example name brand name and then
any variable vehicles you will jump on and you value.
So in order for you to get this value you have to request Querrey dot and the variable.
So you use to cause a coil when you search for the product or search engine and so on.
So for example let's go to Google and let's search something here and lo and as can see search and then
questionmark source equals to devalue.
All right.
Simple as that.
So let's go back to our visual studio and let's remove this.
And we want to go to Maine.
Yes.
And we want to create our categories I.D. API.
So let's go ahead and do it.
So router
Jack
what we're doing is pretty straightforward we set per page DeCosta 10 so that we can divide with the
total numbers of the products.
Then we find all the products that belong to the specific category which is for general Questor parents
that ID so save the ID is books that we want to find all the products that belong to the specific ID.
So in order for us to do that we capture the parameter which you request to parents that ID then we
want to populate the category field so that we can use the information you know instead just the object
ID then we run exec.
Finally we run another monkish operation which is counted.
So we are counting how many products that belongs to this specific category.
Finally we just responds with the Jasons object in the in the body the are success to true message to
category products to product which is something that we we really need.
Would be category and then we have total products.
And finally we have pages we want to divide 200 by 10.
So for example if we have total of the products two hundred divided by the end then we have 20 pages.
So thats about it.
So we use math that seal to return the smallest integer greater than or equal to a given number.
So let us test this out.
So go ahead and do it at.
So we want to go to postman
and you will go to Google hosted the API categories and you want to click send
so there's probably cannot get any response.
Why.
Because we haven't started sell.
So is going to do it.
And you happen to awesome to be connected to the database awesome.
And let's go to Kreuk.
And now we have multiple categories we have cats books utensils talking.
And one more and I don't know why.
OK.
Let's go ahead and grab cats and then we want to go back to we want to open a new tab
and you want to go and send products that is fine.
Let's go back to our studio and we've got to require product.
So based on here
Products see this just go back to our shell and check what is a problem connected.
So I said one the time voting booth.
There we have we have all the you know cats products like for example we have licensed you tuna.
We have all of this.
And then if you go down the bottom we have category name caps to the products 22.
And we have pages treat so.
So if you go back to your studio you can take a look at Cowdray.
There are few problems with this approach.
First we are finding all the products are at if we have 3000 products that we are simply returning 3000
products to the front end which is not skillful.
What if we have 10000 or hundred thousand products.
The second problem is we should not do mongs operation under mongooses upper if we have many mongoose
under you know many mongoose operation under Mungo's operations that we will get called backhaul and
that is something that we want to avoid.
Finally is the category name so this one right.
We should not depend on the products aere to get the category name.
It is a really bad practice.
What if there is no products under this category then products Zero be no does.
Our app will crash.
These are the three problems that we need to fix in the next couple of videos.
In this video we learn how to find a product that belong when we learn how to find products that belong
to a specific category in the next video.
We will learn about pagination in details.
I'll see you guys in the next few.